
MSTK Usage instructions for T-7 users
-------------------------------------

If you are part of the T-7 network and want to use MSTK, you do not
have to download it and build it yourself. You can use the existing
libraries. Here are some instructions on the process.

Packages:
---------

To use MSTK, you must link to two packages - MSTKUTIL and MSTK. 


Include files:
--------------

The include files for the latest stable version of MSTK and MSTKUTIL
are available in the directory '/u/rao/include/mstk' and
'/u/rao/include/mstkutil'. In your code, include "MSTK.h". Then in your
Makefile, use '-I/u/rao/include/mstkutil -I/u/rao/include/mstk' when
compiling files.

If you 'ls' the directory '/u/rao/include/mstk' you will see that it is
a symbolic link to a specific version of MSTK. If you want to use a
different version of MSTK, your include path has to reflect that. For
example, you could include the files from the latest development
version of MSTK by using  '-I/u/rao/include/mstkutil-1.5dev
-I/u/rao/include/mstk-1.5dev' to compile your files.

Library files:
--------------

The library files for the latest stable version of MSTK and MSTKUTIL
are available in the directory '/u/rao/lib/i686_linux'. The debug
versions of the libraries have a '-d' in their names, the optimized
versions don't. To link to the MSTK and MSTKUTIL libraries, use 

-L/u/rao/lib/i686_linux -lmstkutil -lmstk 

or

-L/u/rao/lib/i686_linux -lmstkutil-d -lmstk-d

in your Makefile link line.

If you want to link to a different version of mstk, you could include
the following in your link line

-L/u/rao/lib/i686_linux -lmstkutil-d-1.5dev -lmstk-d-1.5dev


OTHER LIBRARIES AND UTILITIES
-----------------------------

In addition to MSTK, I am building a collection of computational
geometry routines in a package called MCGEOM. MSTK does not depend on
MCGEOM and MCGEOM does not depend on MSTK. Include the file 'MCGeom.h"
and link to the library libmcgeom.a

Also, we have a AMR library called MESHREF (works only in 2D for
now). Include the file "MeshRef.h" and link to libmeshref.a

Some utilities based on MSTK are (residing in /u/rao/bin/i686_linux)

1) mkstruc2 - Make a rectangular 2D mesh (represented as an
unstructured mesh)

2) mkstruc3 - Make a rectangular 3D mesh (represented as an
unstructured mesh)

3) mskt2gmv - Convert mstk to GMV file format

4) gmv2mstk - Convert a GMV mesh file to an MSTK mesh with detection
   of features

5) mstk2flag - Convert MSTK to FLAG X3D format

6) pmstk2flag - Partition an MSTK file and write it out in FLAG X3D format
